---
title: "Windows 11"
date: 2026-01-31
---

<h1>{{ page.title }}</h1>
<p>{{ page.date | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}</p>

Windows 7 - this name brings warmth and very pleasant memories to people's hearts. Many say it is the best OS ever; literally an ideal, divine product. We thought: "Microsoft, just don't touch it. It's perfect. Just adapt it to modern software and you're good." But unfortunately, they didn't listen to our advice. First, they made the failed Windows 8, then the less failed - but still not good -Windows 10, and finally, the antichrist of the Windows OS family: Windows 11.

Windows 11 has destroyed the notions of stability, convenience, user-friendliness, customization, and speed. When you install this OS, you genuinely want to wipe the SSD with antiseptic so the infection doesn't spread to you. If your computer doesn't meet the minimum requirements for Windows 11, congratulations - you're free from this crap. A whole world of free OSes is open for you to try. Microsoft has spared you the pain of being a Windows 11 user.

WHY, JUST WHY, CAN'T YOU CHANGE THE POSITION OF YOUR TASKBAR? Oh, right - because this isn't your taskbar. This is a taskbar built by Microsoft. They decided to use React Native for their system applets, and the technical difficulties of that technology don't allow you to change the taskbar's position.

The truth is, Windows 11 isn't an upgrade - it's an eviction. Microsoft has taken our digital homes, stripped away the furniture we liked, and bolted the doors shut in the name of 'progress.' It’s a heartbreaking betrayal of the legacy Windows 7 built. Rest in peace, Windows. You were once the king; now, you’re just the infection we can't wait to scrub away.

<footer>
    <p>© 2026 Anton Glushkov</p>
  <p>This page is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/">Creative
Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a></p>
</footer>